Add hostfactory integration tests and improve UX (#342)
cyberark/conjur-api-python3: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Added

> - The `hostfactory` methods `create token` are now available in CLI and SDK to create a hostfactory token 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `hostfactory` method `create token` is now available in CLI and SDK to create a hostfactory token 
```
